README.md, before:

gerrit
======

Installs Gerrit

Requirements
------------

This role requires Ansible 1.4 or higher.

Role Variables
--------------

| Name                         | Default                                                          | Description                                                        |
|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| gerrit_version               | 2.11                                                             | Gerrit version to install                                          |
| gerrit_sha256sum             | 05c155c454f06c324e89863e6c6a9c814833c7caea7b38f6c9b360336b30b96d | SHA 256 sum of Gerrit version                                      |
| gerrit_auth_type             | 'OPENID'                                                         | Type of user authentication                                        |
| gerrit_canonical_web_url     | 'http://localhost:8080/'                                         | The default URL for Gerrit                                         |
| gerrit_database_type         | 'h2'                                                             | Type of database server                                            |
| gerrit_database_db           | 'db/ReviewDB'                                                    | Database path (h2) or name (PostgreSQL, MySQL)                     |
| gerrit_database_username     | ''                                                               | Username to connect to the database server as                      |
| gerrit_database_password     | ''                                                               | Password to authenticate to the database server with               |
| gerrit_database_hostname     | 'localhost'                                                      | Hostname of the database server                                    |
| gerrit_httpd_listen_url      | 'http://*:8080/'                                                 | The URL the internal HTTP daemon should listen on                  |
| gerrit_sendemail_smtp_server | 'localhost'                                                      | Hostname (or IP address) of a SMTP server that will relay messages |
| gerrit_sshd_listen_address   | '*:29418'                                                        | The local addresses the internal SSHD daemon should listen on      |

Dependencies
------------

- kbrebanov.java

Example Playbook
----------------

Install Gerrit
```
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - { role: kbrebanov.gerrit }
```

Install Gerrit specifying version
```
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - { role: kbrebanov.gerrit, gerrit_version: 2.9.3 gerrit_sha256sum: fad71b288ecaf3241ea11fecebb2d5be4cfbdfade3e2037d23b94cce3dd3bc48 }
```

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Kevin Brebanov

Commit message:

Add LDAP variables to README

README.md, after:

gerrit
======

Installs Gerrit

Requirements
------------

This role requires Ansible 1.4 or higher.

Role Variables
--------------

| Name                              | Default                                                          | Description                                                                                                               |
|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| gerrit_version                    | 2.11                                                             | Gerrit version to install                                                                                                 |
| gerrit_sha256sum                  | 05c155c454f06c324e89863e6c6a9c814833c7caea7b38f6c9b360336b30b96d | SHA 256 sum of Gerrit version                                                                                             |
| gerrit_auth_type                  | 'OPENID'                                                         | Type of user authentication                                                                                               |
| gerrit_canonical_web_url          | 'http://localhost:8080/'                                         | The default URL for Gerrit                                                                                                |
| gerrit_database_type              | 'h2'                                                             | Type of database server                                                                                                   |
| gerrit_database_db                | 'db/ReviewDB'                                                    | Database path (h2) or name (PostgreSQL, MySQL)                                                                            |
| gerrit_database_username          | ''                                                               | Username to connect to the database server as                                                                             |
| gerrit_database_password          | ''                                                               | Password to authenticate to the database server with                                                                      |
| gerrit_database_hostname          | 'localhost'                                                      | Hostname of the database server                                                                                           |
| gerrit_httpd_listen_url           | 'http://*:8080/'                                                 | The URL the internal HTTP daemon should listen on                                                                         |
| gerrit_sendemail_smtp_server      | 'localhost'                                                      | Hostname (or IP address) of a SMTP server that will relay messages                                                        |
| gerrit_sshd_listen_address        | '*:29418'                                                        | The local addresses the internal SSHD daemon should listen on                                                             |
| gerrit_ldap_server                | 'ldap://ldap.example.com'                                        | URL of the LDAP server to query for user information and group membership                                                 |
| gerrit_ldap_account_base          | ou=people,dc=example,dc=com                                      | Root of the tree containing all user accounts                                                                             |
| gerrit_ldap_account_scope         | subtree                                                          | Scope of the search performed for accounts (one, sub or subtree, base or object)                                          |
| gerrit_ldap_account_pattern       | (uid=${username})                                                | Query pattern to use when searching for a user account                                                                    |
| gerrit_ldap_account_full_name     | displayName                                                      | Name of an attribute on the user account object which contains the initial value for the user’s full name field in Gerrit |
| gerrit_ldap_account_email_address | mail                                                             | Name of an attribute on the user account object which contains the user’s Internet email address                          |
| gerrit_ldap_group_base            | ou=groups,dc=example,dc=com                                      | Root of the tree containing all group objects                                                                             |
| gerrit_ldap_group_scope           | subtree                                                          | Scope of the search performed for group objects (one, sub or subtree, base or object)                                     |
| gerrit_ldap_group_pattern         | (cn=${groupname})                                                | Query pattern used when searching for an LDAP group to connect to a Gerrit group                                          |
| gerrit_ldap_group_member_pattern  | (|(memberUid=${username})(gidNumber=${gidNumber}))               | Query pattern to use when searching for the groups that a user account is currently a member of                           |


Dependencies
------------

- kbrebanov.java

Example Playbook
----------------

Install Gerrit
```
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - { role: kbrebanov.gerrit }
```

Install Gerrit specifying version
```
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - { role: kbrebanov.gerrit, gerrit_version: 2.9.3 gerrit_sha256sum: fad71b288ecaf3241ea11fecebb2d5be4cfbdfade3e2037d23b94cce3dd3bc48 }
```

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Kevin Brebanov
